today we're making a bacon grilled
cheese here on cooking with bacon here's
what it's going to look like pretty rad
so I'm going to start with four strips
of bacon in the pan and I'm just going
to fold each of these back ever so
slightly and we're going to leave
another four strips of bacon across
these so for every one we're going to
start by you flipping it over alright
and then we're going to pull the other
sides I'm just using a v-formation for
each of these strips you're going to
notice they're all in the same formation
make sure that the V is line up so that
you don't have two ends together
otherwise this just makes a weak point
in your sandwich also by having four
strips of bacon across we're going to
make it nice and easy to fold it down
the middle pretty brilliant right so I'm
showing you the full fold on this one
because you know I get lazy sometimes in
other videos and don't feel like
narrating the whole thing but here we
are this is the full fold for it does
all the back-and-forth we have our
sandwich halfway done here so I'm just
continuing with this notice it gets
pretty easy at the end you don't have to
fold over the whole strip of bacon
anymore and we're just doing the exact
same thing as before the exact same
thing pretty easy Wow you can do that at
home I just did okay so we're on our
last strip of bacon here we're just
going to throw this puppy down fold some
ends over pull this third strip down
here there you are good job Ross okay so
now we're just going to pull over the
end pull over and good enough good
enough there we are
they're gonna just slip that puppy down
oh what a beauty what a beauty
fold the ends over and we're done okay
so cook this for about 15 minutes over
medium heat flipping once until it looks
like this great the bacon is almost
finished cooking but not quite
completely crisp this is where we throw
on the cheese I'm using white cheddar
pretty easy we're going to cover this
for a few minutes until it's
starting to melt like this now using
tongs in a metal knife I'm just going to
fold the sandwich over I'm going to
degrease it and throw it on a plate
there you are
bacon grilled cheese what a lovely
invention I'm Kristen McMahon and this
is cooking with bacon